[DOCS-7565] Updated development of Custom UI (#1318)
Alfresco/docs-alfresco: process-automation/latest/develop/index.md

![Process list custom template]({% link process-automation/images/process-list-custom-template.png %})

## Create a custom user interface

To create a custom user interface:

1. Sign in to the Modeling Application and open a project.

2. Click the three dots next to **UI** and then select **Create Custom UI**.

3. Enter the name of the custom UI.

> 4. If you want to develop the custom UI basing on the existing default UI of the application, select **Generate from template**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. If you want to develop the custom UI basing on the existing default UI of the application, select **Generate from template** and click **download source code link**.
```

5. Once your custom UI is ready to be deployed, select **Upload**.

### Develop a custom user interface

> Custom UIs are developed using nx generators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom UIs are can be developed using hyland nx generators.
```

Since the nx generators are options that users can use, but it is not mandatory to use it.

> The downloaded default UI ZIP file includes a file with detailed instructions on creating custom UI pages and plugins. To see the instructions, refer to **plugins-generators.md** file within the downloaded ZIP package.

Reviewer: Maybe something like this: 

```suggestion
The downloaded zip includes instructions how to customize application. To see the instructions, refer to **plugins-generators.md** file within the downloaded ZIP package.
```

> ### Upload {#custom-upload}

Reviewer: We can rewrite this point, and describe that user can just upload a zip file in modeling app using upload button

![Screenshot 2024-02-07 at 12 33 04](https://github.com/Alfresco/docs-alfresco/assets/13885344/5f91c4bd-1285-4da4-b01f-721210ac2511)
